[update] Troubleshooting TimescaleDB updates (#1415)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/upgrades/troubleshooting.md

correctly in the first place. To correct the problem, install the upgrade
package, restart PostgreSQL, verify the version, and then attempt the upgrade
again.

## Upgrading fails with an error that reads `old version has already been loaded`
When you use the `ALTER EXTENSION timescaledb UPDATE` command to upgrade, and an
error appears that reads:

```sql
ERROR: extension "timescaledb" cannot be updated after the old version has already been loaded
```
This error occurs sometimes when you do not run `ALTER EXTENSION timescaledb
UPDATE` command as the first command after starting a new session using psql
or if you use tab completion when running the command. Tab completion triggers
metadata queries in the background which prevents the alter extension from being
the first command.

> To correct the problem, start a new session using psql and run this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correct the problem, execute the ALTER EXTENSION command like so:
```
I think that line is slightly misleading because the line actually starts psql and only runs the alter extension

metadata queries in the background which prevents the alter extension from being
the first command.

> To correct the problem, execute the ALTER EXTENSION command like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To correct the problem, execute the ALTER EXTENSION command like this:
```
